0.1.1 (#18)
simpleclub/math_keyboard: math_keyboard/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.1.1

> * Unary minus support when converting to an expression
> * Keep parentheses when initialising controller with an expression
> * Add special cases for pi and e when initialising controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unary minus support when converting to an expression.
* Keep parentheses when initialising controller with an expression.
* Added special cases for pi and e when initializing controller.
```
